his Jake in the pool look at him good
boy Jake standing in the water he's a
trip he thinks he's human just stands in
the water don't taunt the boy kid make
him walk to argue with it good boy Jake
good boy Jake yeah
you're on please I know all the fleas
are drowning it's safer for him then all
that pesticide stuff you put on dogs the
underwater trick Walton he's going to
blow the bubbles underwater now get the
toy get the toilet buddy get the toy
yeah buddy get the toy get it
all you got
don't lick it go into water and get it
now he's doing what dogs are supposed to
do up he's gay don't get tangled up in
the hose good boy good boy all right
buddy come on den dan den dan den dan
den dan den dhur Linda Linda Linda Linda
Linda and the Jake Mann aka puter man
because he fought let's see if we can
see little bubbles coming out of his ass
deeper today yeah all right there he
goes but anyway that's Jake standing up
in the pool hi Keith Allah hi Justin get
a haircut kids and of course starring
jake tenderloin duran duran the london
darlin darlin darlin darlin darlin
dundon the puter man starring the puter
man Jake Jake the standing up swimming
human dog he's got a it's a whole
process he's got to do it's like docking
at the space station puppy in the middle
I mean monkey in the middle Justin mr.
it fell in the water didn't fall in the
water oh it's on this other side sorry I
have to go all the way around to the
back to get it now the tennis ball
look it yeah he went underwater all
right we have too much free time Jake
say bye Jake bye
you